## Describe what happens when you type a URL into your browser and press Enter.

### Hardware

Return key is encoded as a \00. This is sent via some protocol to the motherboard

### DNS

Your computer sends a request on udp port 53 to your /etc/hosts and then
to your dns server as configured in your internet settings.  

Based on whether that dns server is authoratative or non-authoratative is will do a recursive dns query until it finds the ip address that corresponds to the dns record.

### OSI Model

We send an http GET request

#### https/ssl/tls offload
There is a handshake and the encryption
parameters are established. All data 
is sent encrypted to the server.

The server at the URL then decodes the http get request, encodes the page to
return and returns the encoded page.

#### IP layer

The request uses TCP/IP protocol to move across the internet, encypted

#### Ethernet layer

The ethernet layer uses mac addresses to set the source and destination addresses

#### Hardware Layer

The fibre/isbn/adsl/ etc protocol is used to communicate 


### Headers and trailers

For each layer in the OSI model, as we move from 7 -> 1 headers and trailers are added, and taken away as we go from 1 -> 7. Source port, source ip, checksums and http request type are all stored in the headers and trailers

### NAT

No request is really possible without NAT, which is used to mean source port translation, this allows us to connect to a URL and get a response, since the device sending the request knows where to expect a response from.
